c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\bin\Debug\Healthcare IP2.exe.config
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\bin\Debug\Healthcare IP2.exe
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\bin\Debug\Healthcare IP2.pdb
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.MainForm.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.exe
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.pdb
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.UserControls.UserForm.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.UserControls.TestForm.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\bin\Debug\Healthcare IP2.exe.config
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\bin\Debug\Healthcare IP2.exe
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\bin\Debug\Healthcare IP2.pdb
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.UserControls.TestForm.resources
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare_IP2.UserControls.UserForm.resources
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.exe
C:\Users\Richard\Documents\Heathcare-IP2\Healthcare IP2\Healthcare IP2\obj\Debug\Healthcare IP2.pdb
